Example answers for Critique 3:

For Q1:
According to this paper, by cyber-physical codesign it means an
integration of wireless networks and control designs. Here are a few
things that motivate the cyber-physical codesign: First of all, in
WSANs it is hard to meet the latency requirement of feedback control,
since the changing wireless channel conditions would cause jitters.
Further, there is interdependency between control and communication;
for example, the level of sampling rate itself would affect control
performance, and while a high sampling rate may improve control
performance, the corresponding high data traffic may cause high
resource contention and, consequently, may hamper control performance.

For Q2: 
Industrial process control is a discipline to ensure the required
levels of consistency and safety for production.

For Q3:
A WirelessHART network is designed to achieve reliable communications.
It uses a built-in time synchronization protocol, runs a TDMA protocol
at a proper granularity, and specifies a set of dedicated transmission
time slots to reduce jitters. For shared time slots, the senders adopt
CSMA/CA to avoid collisions.

For Q4:
In source routing, there is one unique routing path per pair of sender
and receiver. In graph routing, there may be multiple routing paths
per pair of sender and receiver.

For Q5:
The packet delivery rate (PDR) is the percentage of packets that are
successfully delivered to their destination.

For Q6:
Fixed priority scheduling for real-time WirelessHART networks may permit
an offline schedule planning as well as an online admission test.
Dynamic priority scheduling in this context is a NP-hard problem;
nevertheless, the authors have proposed an effective heuristic, which
combines LLF and knowledge about transmission conflicts.

For Q7:
For a target variable, a control loop describes all necessary components
and functions for a system to work to bridge the gap between the measured
variable value and the reference variable value.

For Q8:
The rate selection in this paper is designed to meet both the delay
constraints and the stability constraints.

For Q9:
From Wikipedia, "In mathematics, a real-valued function is called convex
if the line segment between any two points on the graph of the function
lies above the graph between the two points."
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convex_function)

For Q10:
If the target function is convex, one may perform a local search and once
the search completed, that local optima is also the global optima.

For Q11:
1. A realistic wireless radio model;
2. A state-of-the-art WSAN protocol stack.

For Q12:
According to this paper, regular flows "are periodically generated and
are typically stabilize a desired part of a physical system." Essentially,
these are flows for the normal operation purposes. Emergency flows, in
contrast, happen infrequently and are indicators of abnormal, unsafe
situations.

For Q13:
So that the messages in emergency flows may reach to the destination sooner.

For Q14:
The key motivation is to improve the scalability of WSANs. The devices
for conventional WSANs have short communication ranges and must rely on
multi-hop transmissions for a broader deployment coverage. A key observation
in this research direction is that there may exist some unused bandwidth in
the high-frequency spectrum allocated for TV broadcasting (which by default
has a much longer communication range). A challenge is to make use of this
bandwidth while keeping the energy cost comparable to the existing WSAN
technologies.
For those of you who are interested in this direction, you are encouraged
to read the following SenSys'16 paper:
Abusayeed Saifullah, Mahbubur Rahman, Dali Ismail, Chenyang Lu, Ranveer
Chandra, and Jie Liu. 2016. SNOW: Sensor Network over White Spaces. In
Proceedings of the 14th ACM Conference on Embedded Network Sensor Systems
CD-ROM (SenSys '16).

For Q15:
I think this paper is an excellent example of how to present a survey of
recent advances in a particular research field. See how the introduction
section brings up the topics and how the rest of the paper expands the
discussion for each of the topic. Also, see how the paper pointedly
summarizes each related work, making informative connections to the whole
body of the exposition. From the content, we also see the need for cyber-
physical codesign, as communication will affect the target control
performance; in some sense, the researchers are doing the 'control' for
the communication part of the system. If the control performance could be
more 'indifferent' to the changing condition of the communication part,
it could save a lot of troubles in designing the system as a whole. We may
achieve so by making the target RT image phase-insensitive
(review Section 5.4.2 in the textbook).

